fix: add doc about session.cookie_* configuration (#96)
glpi-project/doc-install: source/prerequisites.rst

* ``openssl``: enable email sending using SSL/TLS;
* ``Zend OPcache``: enhance PHP engine performances.

Security configuration for sessions
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

To enhance security, it is recommended to configure PHP sessions with the following settings:

* ``session.cookie_secure``: should be set to ``on`` when GLPI can be accessed on **only** HTTPS protocol;

> * ``session.cookie_httponly``: should be set to ``on`` to prevent client-side script to access cookie values;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* ``session.cookie_httponly``: should be set to ``on`` to prevent client-side scripts from accessing cookie values;
```

> * ``session.cookie_samesite``: should be set, at least, to ``Lax``, to prevent cookie to be sent on cross-origin POST requests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* ``session.cookie_samesite``: should be set, at least, to ``Lax``, to prevent cookies from being sent cross-origin (across domains) POST requests.
```
